h2. fx-js-junit-prototype

fx-js-junit-prototype is a prototype for FxJsJUnit.
see "FxJsJUnit":https://github.com/mike-neck/FxJsJUnit

h2. Requirements

* JavaFX2.0 or later
* Java7 or later
* Groovy 1.8.6 or later
* JUnit 4.10 or later
* Gradle 1.0 or later

You can use this library for unit testing javascript.
Make sure that your <code>JAVAFX_HOME</code> environmental variable is set.

for windows
<code><pre>echo %JAVAFX_HOME%
"C:¥Program Files¥Oracle¥JavaFX 2.1 SDK"
</code></pre>

for mac
<pre><code>echo $JAVAFX_HOME
/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/1.7.0.jdk/Contents/Home
</code></pre>

h2. Usage

Add jar to your project path.

Write your test
example <code>SampleTest.groovy</code>

<pre><code>class SampleTest {
    @ClassRule
    static public UseFxWebView fxWebView = UseFxWebView.defaultServer().identifiedBy('JsJUnitTest').get()

    JsJUnit tester

    @Before
    void setUp () {
        tester = fxWebView.getJsTester()
    }

    @Test
    void testNumber () {
        assert tester.callAsDouble('numberTest(0.1, 0.01)') == 0.11
        assert tester.callAsInt('numberTest("a", 1)') == 0
    }

}
</code></pre>

h2. License

<pre><code> Copyright 2012- @mike_neck

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.

</code></pre>

